Posted in: Science & Technology, Campus News:
https://www.binghamton.edu/news/story/3806/binghamton-university-led-battery-initiative-wins-113-million-to-bolster-domestic-battery-manufacturing-and-supply-chain-reinvigorate-region

Binghamton University's New Energy New York project has been awarded more than 
$113 million to establish a hub for battery technology innovation in upstate 
New York. The U.S. Economic Development Administration announced Friday that 
the region would receive $63.7 million; the State of New York will support the 
project with an additional $50 million.

In a news conference held this morning, President Joe Biden and Commerce 
Secretary Gina Raimondo spoke directly to the 21 grant recipients, including 
the New Energy New York leadership team.

"I applaud every community that received the grant and those that applied. 
You're the reason I'm so optimistic about the future. There are nothing but 
possibilities here," said Biden. 

"We designed this challenge to invest $1 billion to create jobs and opportunities 
for people in places where they live and where they have worked their entire 
careers, so they don't have to leave. This is for them," Biden said. "We estimate 
that these grants will result in 100,000 jobs created or saved in these 
communities. Together these projects will uplift underserved communities."

"The New Energy New York team has worked hard on this project and without the 
leadership and guidance from Sen. Schumer from the beginning, we do not believe 
we would be here today," said Binghamton University President Harvey Stenger. 
"Distinguished Professor and Nobel Prize-winner Stan Whittingham and our Associate 
Vice President Per Stromhaug had an idea they believed was crucial to our nation's 
energy security. They, along with their team and NENY coalition members, have 
carried the concept to this point where we can stand here today as winners of 
the EDA's Build Back Better Regional Challenge. With this win, and with the 
tremendous financial support from New York State Gov. Kathy Hochul, we are 
confident we can turn the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes regions of New York into 
the national hub for battery innovation, manufacturing and workforce development."
...